(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.) Receiving the wind of the coming season
The shining, brightest carnival Lightly crossing
the rough times Diving to the city
alone I wanna dive in paradise Rather than
looking at all the fashionable
things I'd rather be honest Let it
rip!
Everybody can do!
I started running My dream never stops I
don't regret tomorrow Let it rip!
Everybody can do!
I don't want to see you I
'm excited, I'm excited I'm strong,
I'm strong With Mr.
Zou I'm excited, I'm excited
Well, the game is until 10.
30.
No, wait, I'll make it until 11.
What have you been doing?
What, Nakagawa?
I thought it was Director Ohara.
I'm on leave tomorrow, so I'm
going to make a tight schedule and spend
a meaningful day.
It's really a precious face, except for
work.
Of course.
There aren't many days off for work,
so I'd like to have at least
five days off a week.
I'd like to have two days off
a week.
I'm working hard for the safety of
the citizens.
It's a matter of course.
In your case, it's always seven days
a week.
But if I have to do all this
tight schedule, I need the stamina of the
Iron Man.
Yes, this is Kameari.
Huh?
What is it?
We're taking a break here.
We'll have lunch and lunch break.
Senpai, we're in trouble!
It's dangerous!
Please step back!
It's dangerous here!
You can't go in there!
Please don't go in there!
Please step back!
It's dangerous, so please step back!
Listen, this is what happens when you get
caught!
Move, move!
Too slow!
Excuse me!
Mr. Nakagawa!
Any witnesses?
None!
So, where's the statue?
It's in the back warehouse.
Hurry up and catch it!
That's right!
You're used to it!
I'm not used to it!
The statue...
I'll go with you!
Mr. Nakagawa, it's dangerous!
What's that?
It's discrimination!
It's discrimination.
Now, hurry up and go!
Here you go.
I don't need anything.
What's this?
It's a kid.
Hey, Zou-chan, it's okay.
It's quiet.
I wonder if it's okay.
Senpai!
It's dangerous, Mr. Nakagawa!
Let me go!
Senpai!
Nakagawa, hurry up and bring milk
and breast milk!
Hurry up!
Yes, sir!
Hey, Mr. Nakagawa!
Mr. Nakagawa!
I'm glad you're okay!
Excuse me, do you have milk and breast
milk?
Yes.
Ouch!
There, there.
You don't have to be afraid.
Just fill your stomach.
Then you'll probably calm down.
There, there.
Not yet, Nakagawa.
You're so clumsy.
I'm done!
Do you drink milk?
Milk is the basis of all milk.
Here, have some milk.
You're a cow's father, so give
me a break.
There, there.
There, like this.
There.
Right?
Drink it.
He drank it!
There, there.
Good boy, good boy.
There, there...
Don't panic.
The elephant will be surprised.
It's okay.
It's not scary, not scary.
He's become quite a hunter.
He's the same wild animal.
Although he's big, he's still a
child.
He'll be a good boy if he
doesn't get excited.
But where did this elephant come from?
I don't think anyone bought it as
a pet.
And I don't think it swam
all the way from Africa to the sea.
If that's the case, it's probably
in the zoo.
I see.
Then, please stay here until we pick you
up.
We're going home, Nakagawa.
Please give us a moment, officer.
Takagawa!
I can't get away from him.
He's a wild man.
He's the best couple.
Why is there an elephant?
He's lost.
So, Ryo-chan picked him up.
Why is he in the exit?
If he gets drunk, he'll be in
trouble.
We can't just leave him here until
morning.
Ryo-chan was nice to him,
and he seems to have gotten used to
it.
Elephants get angry at everything but humans.
See?
Wow!
It's a real one!
It's huge!
If you give me 100 yen, I'll
let you ride it.
Wow!
Really?
Ryo-chan!
I'm just kidding.
It's free.
Try riding it.
Okay.
Let me ride it.
It can't be helped.
Here we go.
Wow!
It's amazing!
It's so high.
Brother, it's gone!
It's true!
You haven't gotten your wish yet?
I've reported it to the chief, but
I haven't gotten anything yet.
Okay, Ryo-chan.
If you're having a hard time, I
'll get you some milk.
Are you going home, Senpai?
Ryo-chan!
What?
Why are you all looking at me like
that?
My work hours are over.
You can't drink until tomorrow, right?
You'll be drunk all day anyway.
I'm not drunk!
Why don't you take care of this
kid until he comes home by himself?
No...
What?
It says it's your schedule for tomorrow.
It's already in minutes.
I have a lot of plans.
9 o'clock, 9 o'clock, 9 o'
clock, 9 o'clock...
10 o'clock, 10 o'clock, 10 o'
clock...
10 o'clock, 45 minutes, morning service, 10
o'clock, 30 minutes...
It's late, so you should go home.
12 o'clock, lunch time...
That's it.
He's always up to something stupid.
You're being irresponsible.
If you brought him here, you should have
taken care of him.
That's right, Ryo-chan.
He's not my elephant.
I didn't bring him here.
He just followed me.
I can't let my precious vacation be
ruined by something like this.
Good work.
See you.
Oh!
I'm definitely going home.
No matter what you say, I'm going
home.
Let me go.
He's not leaving his senpai.
I'll take you with me, Ryo
-chan.
Don't be stupid.
Do it, Ryo-tsu.
This is the director's order.
What?
W-What is it, Ryo-
san?
What's with the big one?
It's the director's order.
If you have a problem, go to the
director.
I just cleaned the floor.
Don't walk on your dirty feet.
It's fine, isn't it?
I'm sorry.
What are you doing, Ryo-san?
Don't put an elephant in the bath.
It's the director's order.
If you have a problem, go to the
director.
Now, the other side.
Now, the back.
All right, it's clean now.
All right, you stay here and wait.
For some reason, he only understands what I
say.
I don't understand anymore, Ryo-
san.
I'm begging you, don't sleep on
me.
Ryo-san!
What's wrong?
That...
You scoundrel!
This is my food!
What are you going to do with our
breakfast?
This is what happens when Ryo-
san brings in an elephant.
If you're the owner, take responsibility!
I'm telling you, this isn't my
elephant.
Do something, Ryo-san!
Listen, don't say anything, and bring it
to me right now.
I haven't heard from him since he
left.
Then where did he come from?
Is he a stray elephant?
Then call the insurance company!
Anyway, I'll call you as soon as
I get some information.
Until then, please.
That's all, right?
Both of you are following my good example!
Look at this!
I'm going straight to the plastic model
shop at 9.
30!
Ryo-san, that guy is married.
What?
His name is Douglas A.
He's very handsome.
This is what I wanted!
It's 8,000 yen.
Ryo-san, I forgot my wallet!
Don't say that again.
It's true!
I'll bring the money next time.
Ryo-san!
He's already here.
The back door is this way.
Ryo-san, you can't follow
me.
There are two other people who are asking
for money.
If you want it, bring the money.
I can't do that!
I'll definitely pay you, so don't
sell it!
Please!
No!
I'll catch you!
Are you a cop?
Why do I have to go on a
date with an elephant on my day off?
I don't know you!
I'm thirsty after running.
Damn it!
If I had 10 yen left...
10 yen left...
There's a grain of grapes!
Grains of grapes...
Grains of...
10 yen...
In the case of small change, it's
difficult to identify the person who dropped it.
When I get back, I'll show you.
All right, all right.
Good job.
Ah!
You broke the juice!
You can't drink juice when you're
thirsty!
Give me back my 100 yen, you
bastard!
Two more?
If you don't want it, give me
something else.
I'll give you 10 yen.
I'm thirsty.
It's a hassle to get my wallet
back.
I can't get my 10 yen back.
Thanks to you, I can eat breakfast.
I've got a lot of work to
do.
What are you doing?
You picked it up again?
It's a wallet.
And it's heavy.
Hey, isn't that Taiki?
Oh, that wallet.
I've been looking for it.
Oh, thank you.
You saved me.
What proof do you have that this is
your wallet?
I'm not sure, but there's a
picture I took with my grandson in it.
Unfortunately, that's all I can prove.
I'm not very interested in you carrying
around Taiki.
Thank you.
I'll be careful.
But this is a rare pet.
I've heard that in Asia, there aren
't many countries that value elephants as gods.
God?
Him?
Oh, I'm sorry to say this, but
this elephant is worth a lot of money.
What?
This much?
A ten-percent reward is a
good deal.
Well, have a nice day.
I-I have 30,000 yen.
It looks like he's following us.
That means we'll be back in the
afternoon.
Keep up the good work, God!
How much is the ticket for the elephant?
T-The elephant doesn't have a
ticket.
Then it's free, right?
It was free.
What?
Hey!
You're eating too much!
If you don't pass, we'll have
to say goodbye here.
If you don't mind, why don't
you try jumping?
Hey, sir!
Sir!
The train is arriving soon.
Hurry!
The train is coming!
You're the first to get off.
You're next.
I'm sorry, but could you pull over?
Hey!
He's not coming at all!
What do you mean, God?
That old man is talking nonsense!
The last 1,000 yen.
If we miss this, we'll have to
walk back to Kameyari.
If we make four of these, it'll
be 40 times.
But there's also the 3-6
line.
The person in the back is waiting.
Please line up after you've decided.
The 6th race will be starting soon.
Okay, this is the 2nd line.
We'll be aiming for the 2nd
line and hope for the next race.
It's the 2nd line.
It's the 1st line.
No, it's not the 1st line!
It's the 2nd line!
Okay, next.
No, it's not that!
37, 38, 100 yen.
Did you make a mistake?
Yamagomori?
I've never heard of it.
What?
Both of them are the savi
ors of Mojibushi!
How dare you let this old man die!
You, Yakubyogami!
You bastard!
It can't be...
I won!
I won 100,000 yen!
You will become money!
Here you go, Yosan.
Here, a new car.
I'm sorry.
You were a great elephant.
Alright, I'll treat you to anything you
want.
Where did Ryo-chan go with
the elephant?
Yes.
This is Kameari Park.
Did you see the elephant?
Yes, I saw it.
I feel like we'll be good friends
for a long time.
It's cold!
You did it!
You have a cute face.
Tonto!
Tonto?
Ryo-chan!
Bujo!
What are you going to do with the
elephant?
I got a call from the zoo that
they were looking for an elephant.
But Ryo-chan is missing.
I'm glad both the elephant and you
are safe.
Sorry for the trouble.
I heard that Tonto's mother died
yesterday.
What?
We, the zookeepers, were busy taking care
of his mother.
We completely forgot about Tonto.
He was alone and lonely, so he left
the cage.
Tonto has helped us a lot.
What are you talking about?
Hey!
What are you going to do with my
elephant?
Ryo-chan!
What are you doing?
Bujo!
He doesn't like it, does he?
I'm going to buy it!
Nakagawa!
Come here!
Let me go!
Don't let Nakagawa go!
You're in danger!
Please help us!
Let's go!
Let me go!
Tonto is my elephant!
Ryo-chan's kindness...
I won't forget it even if I
go back to the zoo.
Tonto!
Wait for me, Tonto!
Wait for me!
Tonto!
Senpai...
Ryo-chan...
He may look like that, but he's
so kind.
Tonto!
Tell me!
What's the next show?
I want him to win at the zoo
with me.
Tonto!
If there's no next show, what's
the next derby?
Did you fall in love with Megumi?
Good job, Honda!
Be sure to get it on the 102
nd show!
I'm a nice little guy with a
lot of experience.
I'll teach you the points of the
gate!
Next time, on HONDA, For Love
's Sake, Thanks for watching!
Even if I stop the clock Time will
pass Don't look at me like that
Let's laugh it off and live on
Even if it rains today Tomorrow
will be a sunny day Bye-bye
Let's wave our hands Let's say
goodbye to the bad things Let's live
the way we like Good things will happen
The sun is calling us outside the door